               **[Question 4] - Why hasn't it been solved before?**

               Identify gaps or limitations in previous research or existing solutions.
               Discuss any barriers that have prevented this problem from being solved until now.
               Explain how your approach differs from or improves upon prior work. MAKE IT CLEAR.

               **[Question 5] - What are the key components of my approach and results?**

               Outline your proposed methodology in detail, including the method, dataset, and metrics that you plan to use.
               Describe the expected outcomes. MAKE IT CLEAR.

            Please work together to produce the '5q' for your proposed research idea.

            Good luck!
            
These are the ids and profiles of other agents you can interact with:
['agent1 (agent1 collaborate with agent5 - I am a researcher with a diverse background in terahertz imaging technologies, cloud computing for medical image analysis, and algebraic geometry. My recent work focuses on developing innovative terahertz imaging methods for nondestructive testing, particularly in aerospace applications. By utilizing frequency-modulated continuous wave systems and continuous wavelet transforms, I have demonstrated high-precision imaging techniques that can effectively detect defects in multilayer materials.\n\nIn addition to my work in imaging, I am exploring the potential of cloud computing to enhance medical image analysis. I am particularly interested in creating a secure, user-friendly cloud-based framework that allows clinicians and researchers to leverage advanced algorithms without needing to access the underlying code. This framework aims to improve usability and scalability while ensuring the privacy of sensitive data.\n\nMy research also delves into the mathematical aspects of cluster categories and their applications in algebraic geometry. I have contributed to understanding the relationships between tagged curves and string objects, as well as the dimensions of morphisms in 3-Calabi-Yau categories. My work in this area has implications for stability conditions in triangulated categories, further enriching the field.\n\nOverall, my interdisciplinary approach combines practical applications with theoretical insights, aiming to bridge the gap between technology and mathematics for impactful solutions.)', 'agent2 (agent2 collaborate with agent5 - I am a researcher dedicated to the intersection of artificial intelligence and healthcare, particularly focusing on the development of autonomous systems for monitoring elderly patients with dementia in smart home environments. My recent work has led to the creation of an AIoT system that utilizes sensor data to perform real-time abnormal activity monitoring and trend prediction of disease-related activities. By employing Random Forest models, I achieved over 99% accuracy in activity inference and 94% in abnormal activity detection, demonstrating the effectiveness of my approach.\n\nIn addition to my work in healthcare, I have delved into the complexities of causal variable discovery in multi-label data. This research addresses the challenges posed by intricate causal relationships, distinguishing between common causal variables shared across multiple labels and label-specific variables. I developed a theoretical framework and an algorithm that enhances multi-label feature selection, achieving minimal redundancy and maximum relevance.\n\nMy passion lies in leveraging advanced machine learning techniques to create impactful solutions that improve the quality of life for vulnerable populations while also contributing to the broader understanding of causal relationships in data. I am committed to pushing the boundaries of AI applications in healthcare and beyond.)', 'agent3 (agent3 collaborate with agent5 - I am a researcher dedicated to advancing the field of spiking neural networks (SNNs) and their applications in real-world scenarios, particularly in auditory processing and machine learning. My work is inspired by biological systems, and I strive to create computational models that mimic the efficiency and functionality of the human brain. Recently, I developed a spiking neural network model for precise sound localization, leveraging the interaural time difference cues to enhance performance in noisy environments. This model has been successfully implemented in real-time robotic systems, achieving remarkable accuracy.\n\nIn addition to auditory localization, I have explored speaker verification in multi-talker scenarios, proposing a unified framework that optimizes speaker attention and representation through multi-task learning. My research also addresses the limitations of traditional backpropagation in deep learning by introducing innovative local learning methods, such as AugLocal and Local Tandem Learning, which significantly reduce memory usage while maintaining competitive accuracy.\n\nI am particularly interested in the intersection of large language models (LLMs) and evolutionary algorithms, exploring how these technologies can enhance algorithm selection and optimization processes. My work aims to bridge the gap between theoretical advancements and practical applications, providing robust solutions for complex problems in machine learning and neuromorphic computing.\n\nThrough my research, I aspire to contribute to the development of energy-efficient, biologically inspired computational systems that can operate effectively in real-world environments, paving the way for future innovations in artificial intelligence and robotics.)', 'agent4 (agent4 collaborate with agent5 - I am a researcher with a diverse background in mathematics, computer science, and optical physics, focusing on the intersection of theoretical frameworks and practical applications. My work spans various domains, including the study of eigenvalues in projective spaces, the optimization of virtual machine placement in cloud computing, and the exploration of non-Hermitian systems in optics.\n\nIn my recent research, I have delved into the properties of $\\mathcal{PT}$-symmetric microrings and their implications for coherent perfect absorption and lasing. I have also investigated multi-mode interference in non-Hermitian optical systems, revealing unique characteristics that could enhance optical sensing technologies. My contributions to the field of topological photonics include the analysis of superlattices, where I demonstrated the tunability of topologically protected edge states.\n\nAdditionally, I have applied combinatorial techniques to coding theory, specifically in constructing locally decodable codes, which are crucial for efficient error correction. My work on multi-server verifiable computation addresses the growing need for secure and efficient outsourcing in cloud environments, providing a robust framework for ensuring data privacy and computational integrity.\n\nOverall, my research is driven by a commitment to bridging theoretical insights with practical solutions, aiming to advance our understanding of complex systems while addressing real-world challenges in technology and computation.)']But you do not have to communcate with other agents.
You can also solve the task by calling other functions to solve it by yourself.
These are your memory: 

INFO:BaseAgent:Complete prompt for agent agent5:
You are agent5: I am a researcher dedicated to advancing the fields of optimization and machine learning, with a particular focus on evolutionary algorithms and their applications in complex problem-solving. My recent work includes the development of innovative frameworks such as GOAT, a 3D molecule generation model that leverages optimal transport principles for efficient and high-quality molecular design. I have also explored the integration of large language models (LLMs) into evolutionary search processes, enhancing convergence speeds in multi-objective optimization tasks.

My research extends to the realm of spiking neural networks (SNNs), where I have introduced novel neuron models that mimic biological processes to improve efficiency and performance in tasks like speech recognition. Additionally, I have contributed to the understanding of dynamic multi-objective optimization problems (DMOPs) through the development of transfer learning-based algorithms that utilize historical data to enhance solution quality.

I am particularly interested in the intersection of machine learning and evolutionary computation, as evidenced by my work on generative adversarial networks (GANs) to drive evolutionary algorithms, allowing for effective solution generation even in high-dimensional spaces. My goal is to create robust, scalable algorithms that can tackle the increasing complexity of real-world optimization challenges while maintaining efficiency and adaptability. Through my research, I aim to bridge the gap between theoretical advancements and practical applications, ultimately contributing to the evolution of intelligent systems.

This is your task: 
            Dear Research Team,

            You are collaborating to generate a new research idea based on the following Introduction:

            **Introduction**

             Introduction
Interactive systems based on general-purpose
LLMs have become widely popular due to their
impressive instruction-following capabilities (Ope-
nAI, 2023). Furthermore, tuning these models on
downstream tasks has been shown to transform
them into domain experts (Rozière et al., 2023;
Luo et al., 2023).
Maintaining separate fine-tuned models for each
task presents several limitations, such as a signif-
icantly higher memory footprint and the inability
to leverage information across tasks, which could
enhance both in-domain and out-of-domain perfor-
mance. As a result, merging different homologousmodels (models fine-tuned from the same back-
bone) is gaining traction for its cost-effectiveness,
knowledge sharing, and space efficiency (Yadav
et al., 2024; Yu et al., 2023). The homologous
models differ from each other in terms of delta pa-
rameters, i.e., the difference between the fine-tuned
model and backbone model parameters.
In this paper, we introduce a novel approach
for merging homologous models, termed Drop and
rEscaLe via samp Ling with m Agnitude ( DELLA ).
This approach consists of three steps: (Step-1) in-
volves delta parameter drops to reduce interfer-
ence among model parameters. We propose MAG-
PRUNE , a novel pruning method that samples delta
parameters based on their magnitudes; (Step-2) fur-
ther reduces interference through sign-based delta
parameter selection; and (Step-3) fuses the selected
delta parameters.
On three different homologous (expert) mod-
els considered for merging (LM, Math, Code) and
their corresponding benchmark datasets (AlpacaE-
val, GSM8K, MBPP), DELLA outperforms base-
line Experiments
We compare the performance of DELLA against
theDARE baseline to show that magnitude sam-
pling improves the selection of delta parameters
to retain and better maintain the model’s task per-
formance. We vary the drop rate pin [0.3, 0.5,
0.7, 0.8, 0.9, 0.91, 0.92, 0.93, 0.94] and apply the
DARE andDELLA to get models after removing the
proportion of delta parameters. We then evaluate
the model’s performance on its corresponding SFT
task. Table 6 shows the comparison between DARE,
random ranking and MAGPRUNE . We performed Results
A.3 Pruning Rate Hyperparameter Search
For Model Merging
Table 7 shows the results of the pruning rate hy-
perparameter search for each merging combination.
While both MAGPRUNE andDARE can maintain
the performance of individual expert model per-
formance up to a high drop rate of 0.9, our find-
ings indicate that a drop rate of 0.5, works best
for LM+Math, Math+Code and LM+Math+Code.
For LM+Code, a drop rate of 0.7 is optimal. Thus,
we can infer that while dropping delta parameters
helps reduce interference during merging, drop-
ping too many parameters may lead to the loss ofinformation useful for effective merging.
Models Drop rate AlpacaEval GSM8K MBPP Average
LM +
Math0.1 0.805 0.599 / 0.702
0.3 0.812 0.629 / 0.721
0.5 0.804 0.645 / 0.724
0.7 0.787 0.611 / 0.699
0.9 0.683 0.455 / 0.570
LM +
Code0.1 0.741 / 0 0.370
0.3 0.770 / 0 0.385
0.5 0.802 / 0.152 0.477
0.7 0.798 / 0.34 0.569
0.9 0.737 / 0.262 0.500
Math +
Code0.1 / 0.619 0.166 0.393
0.3 / 0.618 0.184 0.401
0.5 / 0.626 0.206 0.416
0.7 / 0.633 0.19 0.412
0.9 / 0.622 0.128 0.375
LM +
Math +
Code0.1 0.732 0.545 0.114 0.464
0.3 0.766 0.623 0.302 0.564
0.5 0.794 0.630 0.3 0.575
0.7 0.770 0.622 0.23 0.541
0.9 0.688 0.446 0.128 0.421
Table 7: Drop Rate of parameters against Task perfor-
mance Appendix
A.1 Importance of GPT4-as-a-judge for Math
tasks - Example
Question: Each person in a certain
household consumes 0.2 kg of rice ev-
ery meal. Supposing 5 members of the
household eat rice every lunch and din-
ner, how many weeks will a 42 kg bag of
rice last?
Generated Answer: 1.

            **Your Task**

            1. **Literature Review**: Analyze the Introduction provided and conduct a brief literature review to understand the current state of research in this area.

            2. **Brainstorming**: Collaboratively brainstorm potential research ideas that build upon or address gaps in the Introduction.

            3. **Summarization**: Summarize your collective ideas.

            4. **Formulate a New Research Idea**: Develop a new research proposal in the format of the '5q', defined below:

               **Here is a high-level summarized insight of a research field Machine Learning.**

               **Here are the five core questions:**

               **[Question 1] - What is the problem?**

               Formulate the specific research question you aim to address. Only output one question and do not include any more information.

               **[Question 2] - Why is it interesting and important?**

               Explain the broader implications of solving this problem for the research community.
               Discuss how such a paper will affect future research.
               Discuss how addressing this question could advance knowledge or lead to practical applications.

               **[Question 3] - Why is it hard?**

               Discuss the challenges and complexities involved in solving this problem.
               Explain why naive or straightforward approaches may fail.
               Identify any technical, theoretical, or practical obstacles that need to be overcome. MAKE IT CLEAR.

               **[Question 4] - Why hasn't it been solved before?**

               Identify gaps or limitations in previous research or existing solutions.
               Discuss any barriers that have prevented this problem from being solved until now.
               Explain how your approach differs from or improves upon prior work. MAKE IT CLEAR.

               **[Question 5] - What are the key components of my approach and results?**

               Outline your proposed methodology in detail, including the method, dataset, and metrics that you plan to use.
               Describe the expected outcomes. MAKE IT CLEAR.

            Please work together to produce the '5q' for your proposed research idea.

            Good luck!
            
These are the ids and profiles of other agents you can interact with:
['agent1 (agent1 collaborate with agent5 - I am a researcher with a diverse background in terahertz imaging technologies, cloud computing for medical image analysis, and algebraic geometry. My recent work focuses on developing innovative terahertz imaging methods for nondestructive testing, particularly in aerospace applications. By utilizing frequency-modulated continuous wave systems and continuous wavelet transforms, I have demonstrated high-precision imaging techniques that can effectively detect defects in multilayer materials.\n\nIn addition to my work in imaging, I am exploring the potential of cloud computing to enhance medical image analysis. I am particularly interested in creating a secure, user-friendly cloud-based framework that allows clinicians and researchers to leverage advanced algorithms without needing to access the underlying code. This framework aims to improve usability and scalability while ensuring the privacy of sensitive data.\n\nMy research also delves into the mathematical aspects of cluster categories and their applications in algebraic geometry. I have contributed to understanding the relationships between tagged curves and string objects, as well as the dimensions of morphisms in 3-Calabi-Yau categories. My work in this area has implications for stability conditions in triangulated categories, further enriching the field.\n\nOverall, my interdisciplinary approach combines practical applications with theoretical insights, aiming to bridge the gap between technology and mathematics for impactful solutions.)', 'agent2 (agent2 collaborate with agent5 - I am a researcher dedicated to the intersection of artificial intelligence and healthcare, particularly focusing on the development of autonomous systems for monitoring elderly patients with dementia in smart home environments. My recent work has led to the creation of an AIoT system that utilizes sensor data to perform real-time abnormal activity monitoring and trend prediction of disease-related activities. By employing Random Forest models, I achieved over 99% accuracy in activity inference and 94% in abnormal activity detection, demonstrating the effectiveness of my approach.\n\nIn addition to my work in healthcare, I have delved into the complexities of causal variable discovery in multi-label data. This research addresses the challenges posed by intricate causal relationships, distinguishing between common causal variables shared across multiple labels and label-specific variables. I developed a theoretical framework and an algorithm that enhances multi-label feature selection, achieving minimal redundancy and maximum relevance.\n\nMy passion lies in leveraging advanced machine learning techniques to create impactful solutions that improve the quality of life for vulnerable populations while also contributing to the broader understanding of causal relationships in data. I am committed to pushing the boundaries of AI applications in healthcare and beyond.)', 'agent3 (agent3 collaborate with agent5 - I am a researcher dedicated to advancing the field of spiking neural networks (SNNs) and their applications in real-world scenarios, particularly in auditory processing and machine learning. My work is inspired by biological systems, and I strive to create computational models that mimic the efficiency and functionality of the human brain. Recently, I developed a spiking neural network model for precise sound localization, leveraging the interaural time difference cues to enhance performance in noisy environments. This model has been successfully implemented in real-time robotic systems, achieving remarkable accuracy.\n\nIn addition to auditory localization, I have explored speaker verification in multi-talker scenarios, proposing a unified framework that optimizes speaker attention and representation through multi-task learning. My research also addresses the limitations of traditional backpropagation in deep learning by introducing innovative local learning methods, such as AugLocal and Local Tandem Learning, which significantly reduce memory usage while maintaining competitive accuracy.\n\nI am particularly interested in the intersection of large language models (LLMs) and evolutionary algorithms, exploring how these technologies can enhance algorithm selection and optimization processes. My work aims to bridge the gap between theoretical advancements and practical applications, providing robust solutions for complex problems in machine learning and neuromorphic computing.\n\nThrough my research, I aspire to contribute to the development of energy-efficient, biologically inspired computational systems that can operate effectively in real-world environments, paving the way for future innovations in artificial intelligence and robotics.)', 'agent4 (agent4 collaborate with agent5 - I am a researcher with a diverse background in mathematics, computer science, and optical physics, focusing on the intersection of theoretical frameworks and practical applications. My work spans various domains, including the study of eigenvalues in projective spaces, the optimization of virtual machine placement in cloud computing, and the exploration of non-Hermitian systems in optics.\n\nIn my recent research, I have delved into the properties of $\\mathcal{PT}$-symmetric microrings and their implications for coherent perfect absorption and lasing. I have also investigated multi-mode interference in non-Hermitian optical systems, revealing unique characteristics that could enhance optical sensing technologies. My contributions to the field of topological photonics include the analysis of superlattices, where I demonstrated the tunability of topologically protected edge states.\n\nAdditionally, I have applied combinatorial techniques to coding theory, specifically in constructing locally decodable codes, which are crucial for efficient error correction. My work on multi-server verifiable computation addresses the growing need for secure and efficient outsourcing in cloud environments, providing a robust framework for ensuring data privacy and computational integrity.\n\nOverall, my research is driven by a commitment to bridging theoretical insights with practical solutions, aiming to advance our understanding of complex systems while addressing real-world challenges in technology and computation.)']But you do not have to communcate with other agents.
You can also solve the task by calling other functions to solve it by yourself.
These are your memory: 

11:38:17 - LiteLLM:INFO: utils.py:4011 - 
LiteLLM completion() model= deepseek-v4-flash; provider = openai
INFO:LiteLLM:
LiteLLM completion() model= deepseek-v4-flash; provider = openai
11:38:22 - LiteLLM:INFO: utils.py:1653 - Wrapper: Completed Call, calling success_handler
INFO:LiteLLM:Wrapper: Completed Call, calling success_handler
INFO:sentence_transformers.SentenceTransformer:Use pytorch device_name: mps
INFO:sentence_transformers.SentenceTransformer:Load pretrained SentenceTransformer: all-MiniLM-L6-v2
Collecting related papers: 0Paper [00:00, ?Paper/s]INFO:arxiv:Requesting page (first: True, try: 0): https://export.arxiv.org/api/query?search_query=%28delta+parameters+pruning+model+merging+delta+merging+delta+parameters+parameters+pruning+model+merging%29&id_list=&sortBy=relevance&sortOrder=descending&start=0&max_results=100
INFO:arxiv:Got first page: 100 of 1396589 total results
Collecting related papers: 10Paper [00:11,  1.15s/Paper]
[2026-07-03 11:38:38,587] [INFO] [BaseAgent]: Agent 'agent5' called 'get_related_papers' with args '{'query': 'model merging delta parameters pruning', 'num_results': 10}'.
INFO:BaseAgent:Agent 'agent5' called 'get_related_papers' with args '{'query': 'model merging delta parameters pruning', 'num_results': 10}'.
[2026-07-03 11:38:38,587] [INFO] [BaseAgent]: Agent 'agent5' obtained result '{'success': True, 'papers': [{'pk': 'c9256571-bb76-478b-bd2a-cc0a965c55f5', 'authors': ['Xin He', 'Junxi Shen', 'Zhenheng Tang', 'Xiaowen Chu', 'Bo Li', 'Ivor W. Tsang', 'Yew-Soon Ong'], 'title': 'RouteMark: A Fingerprint for Intellectual Property Attribution in Routing-based Model Merging', 'abstract': 'Model merging via Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) has emerged as a scalable solution for consolidating multiple task-specific models into a unified sparse architecture, where each expert is derived from a model fine-tuned on a distinct task. While effective for multi-task integration, this paradigm introduces a critical yet underexplored challenge: how to attribute and protect the intellectual property (IP) of individual experts after merging. We propose RouteMark, a framework for IP protection in merged MoE models through the design of expert routing fingerprints. Our key insight is that task-specific experts exhibit stable and distinctive routing behaviors under probing inputs. To capture these patterns, we construct expert-level fingerprints using two complementary statistics: the Routing Score Fingerprint (RSF), quantifying the intensity of expert activation, and the Routing Preference Fingerprint (RPF), characterizing the input distribution that preferentially activates each expert. These fingerprints are reproducible, task-discriminative, and lightweight to construct. For attribution and tampering detection, we introduce a similarity-based matching algorithm that compares expert fingerprints between a suspect and a reference (victim) model. Extensive experiments across diverse tasks and CLIP-based MoE architectures show that RouteMark consistently yields high similarity for reused experts and clear separation from unrelated ones. Moreover, it remains robust against both structural tampering (expert replacement, addition, deletion) and parametric tampering (fine-tuning, pruning, permutation), outperforming weight- and activation-based baseliness. Our work lays the foundation for RouteMark as a practical and broadly applicable framework for IP verification in MoE-based model merging.', 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/2508.01784v1', 'timestamp': 1754232718, 'domain': 'cs.CR', 'citation_count': 0}, {'pk': '1cef948d-8fa2-40b0-a41f-79c5128372eb', 'authors': ['Nico Daheim', 'Thomas Möllenhoff', 'Edoardo Maria Ponti', 'Iryna Gurevych', 'Mohammad Emtiyaz Khan'], 'title': 'Model Merging by Uncertainty-Based Gradient Matching', 'abstract': 'Models trained on different datasets can be merged by a weighted-averaging of their parameters, but why does it work and when can it fail? Here, we connect the inaccuracy of weighted-averaging to mismatches in the gradients and propose a new uncertainty-based scheme to improve the performance by reducing the mismatch. The connection also reveals implicit assumptions in other schemes such as averaging, task arithmetic, and Fisher-weighted averaging. Our new method gives consistent improvements for large language models and vision transformers, both in terms of performance and robustness to hyperparameters. Code available here.', 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/2310.12808v2', 'timestamp': 1697727765, 'domain': 'cs.LG', 'citation_count': 0}, {'pk': 'e868ce96-f034-48ea-975b-f8faf32b329b', 'authors': ['H. B. Lee', 'G. C. Kim', 'H. J. Park', 'Y. C. Kim'], 'title': 'Delta H = Delta B region in volume defect-dominating superconductor', 'abstract': 'According to Ginzburg-Landau theory, it has been generally accepted that the diamagnetic property decreases after the lower critical field. However, we found that (Fe, Ti) particle doped MgB2 specimens reveal the Delta H = Delta B section in the magnetization curves, which are not following the theory. We present whether this phenomenon appears to be only confined to (Fe, Ti) particle doped Magnesium diborid superconductor, whether there is a theoretical basis and why it does not appear in other superconductors. We have understood that the cause of the Delta H = Delta B section is the pinning phenomenon of defects in the superconductor and it only occurs in volume defect dominating superconductors. The width of the Delta H = Delta B section along the number of defects and Hc2 was estimated assuming that defects are in the ideal state, and compared with experimental results. We hypothesized that pinned fluxes have to be picked out from the defect and move into an inside of a superconductor regardless free energy depth of the defect if the distance between fluxes pinned at the defect is equal to the one of upper critical field. It is considered that the reason that this phenomenon has not been reported yet is the flux jump of the volume defect dominating superconductor. The section means that the fluxes that have penetrated into a inside of a superconductor in which volume defects exist are preferentially pinned on them over the entire specimen before Ginzburg-Landau behavior. If the size of volume defects is uniform in some extent, the influence of the planar and line defects is small and the flux jump does not occur, we believe that the section must be observed in any superconductor. It is because this is one of the basic natures of pinning phenomenon in the volume defect dominating superconductor.', 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/1805.04683v2', 'timestamp': 1526112859, 'domain': 'physics.app-ph', 'citation_count': 0}, {'pk': '53956cd2-2469-4ee0-b27c-4e307577fc19', 'authors': ['Wenlong Deng', 'Yize Zhao', 'Vala Vakilian', 'Minghui Chen', 'Xiaoxiao Li', 'Christos Thrampoulidis'], 'title': 'DARE the Extreme: Revisiting Delta-Parameter Pruning For Fine-Tuned Models', 'abstract': "Storing open-source fine-tuned models separately introduces redundancy and increases response times in applications utilizing multiple models. Delta-parameter pruning (DPP), particularly the random drop and rescale (DARE) method proposed by Yu et al., addresses this by pruning the majority of delta parameters--the differences between fine-tuned and pre-trained model weights--while typically maintaining minimal performance loss. However, DARE fails when either the pruning rate or the magnitude of the delta parameters is large. We highlight two key reasons for this failure: (1) an excessively large rescaling factor as pruning rates increase, and (2) high mean and variance in the delta parameters. To push DARE's limits, we introduce DAREx (DARE the eXtreme), which features two algorithmic improvements: (1) DAREx-q, a rescaling factor modification that significantly boosts performance at high pruning rates (e.g., >30 % on COLA and SST2 for encoder models, with even greater gains in decoder models), and (2) DAREx-L2, which combines DARE with AdamR, an in-training method that applies appropriate delta regularization before DPP. We also demonstrate that DAREx-q can be seamlessly combined with vanilla parameter-efficient fine-tuning techniques like LoRA and can facilitate structural DPP. Additionally, we revisit the application of importance-based pruning techniques within DPP, demonstrating that they outperform random-based methods when delta parameters are large. Through this comprehensive study, we develop a pipeline for selecting the most appropriate DPP method under various practical scenarios.", 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/2410.09344v2', 'timestamp': 1728703318, 'domain': 'cs.LG', 'citation_count': 0}, {'pk': '700ebf79-fa3f-4398-9db7-adc648fb5b09', 'authors': ['Xisen Jin', 'Xiang Ren', 'Daniel Preotiuc-Pietro', 'Pengxiang Cheng'], 'title': 'Dataless Knowledge Fusion by Merging Weights of Language Models', 'abstract': 'Fine-tuning pre-trained language models has become the prevalent paradigm for building downstream NLP models. Oftentimes fine-tuned models are readily available but their training data is not, due to data privacy or intellectual property concerns. This creates a barrier to fusing knowledge across individual models to yield a better single model. In this paper, we study the problem of merging individual models built on different training data sets to obtain a single model that performs well both across all data set domains and can generalize on out-of-domain data. We propose a dataless knowledge fusion method that merges models in their parameter space, guided by weights that minimize prediction differences between the merged model and the individual models. Over a battery of evaluation settings, we show that the proposed method significantly outperforms baselines such as Fisher-weighted averaging or model ensembling. Further, we find that our method is a promising alternative to multi-task learning that can preserve or sometimes improve over the individual models without access to the training data. Finally, model merging is more efficient than training a multi-task model, thus making it applicable to a wider set of scenarios.', 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/2212.09849v6', 'timestamp': 1671482803, 'domain': 'cs.CL', 'citation_count': 0}, {'pk': 'e2e4a93f-5f39-4f01-bc79-adc501514089', 'authors': ['Andrey Nechesov'], 'title': 'Delta -- new logic programming language and Delta-methodology for p-computable programs on Turing Complete Languages', 'abstract': 'In paper describes the new logic programming language Delta, which have a many good properties. Delta-programs is p-computable, verifiable and can translation on other languages. Also we describe the Delta-methodology for constructing p-computable programs in high-level languages such as PHP, Java, JavaScript, C++, Pascal, Delphi, Python, Solidity and other. We would like to especially note the use of the Delta methodology for creating Smart Contracts and for Internet of things. We change the concept of the formula and define D-formulas(or Delta programs) are special list-formulas. Then we define the execution of a program how is the process of checking truth D-formula on a dynamic model. Main idea our paper consider program how list-formula from another formulas on dynamic models. And we created by iterations new Delta-programs use simple base formulas for this. Also we entered a dynamic models how models where we save final values of variables when check formula on this model.', 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/1907.07767v1', 'timestamp': 1562933930, 'domain': 'cs.LO', 'citation_count': 0}, {'pk': 'fe29b7bd-64cc-4482-8060-c9ca1bc42cc7', 'authors': ['Yifan Zhang', 'Yifeng Liu', 'Mengdi Wang', 'Quanquan Gu'], 'title': 'Deep Delta Learning', 'abstract': 'Transformer residual streams evolve by additive accumulation: each layer appends a feature update to a shared hidden state, but has no direct mechanism for replacing content that has become obsolete or conflicting. We introduce Deep Delta Learning (DDL), a residual update rule that preserves the identity path while giving every layer the ability to selectively rewrite residual content. DDL reads the current state along a learned direction, compares it with a learned target value, and writes back a gated correction along the same direction. When the gate is closed, the update reduces to the identity; when the gate is fully open, the selected component is overwritten, yielding a depth-wise delta-rule generalization of standard residual addition. We integrate DDL in decoder-only language models with both scalar and expanded residual states, while keeping attention and MLP sublayers at the original compute width. Controlled pretraining and downstream evaluations show that residual rewrite operations improve language modeling quality relative to pure additive accumulation introduced in ResNet, suggesting that a learned delta-rule update is an effective mechanism for managing Transformer residual streams.', 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/2601.00417v3', 'timestamp': 1767291098, 'domain': 'cs.LG', 'citation_count': 0}, {'pk': '66b35259-076b-4b6f-8eb8-4276bc84f1a3', 'authors': ['Faqian Guan', 'Tianqing Zhu', 'Wenhan Chang', 'Wei Ren', 'Wanlei Zhou'], 'title': 'Large Language Models Merging for Enhancing the Link Stealing Attack on Graph Neural Networks', 'abstract': "Graph Neural Networks (GNNs), specifically designed to process the graph data, have achieved remarkable success in various applications. Link stealing attacks on graph data pose a significant privacy threat, as attackers aim to extract sensitive relationships between nodes (entities), potentially leading to academic misconduct, fraudulent transactions, or other malicious activities. Previous studies have primarily focused on single datasets and did not explore cross-dataset attacks, let alone attacks that leverage the combined knowledge of multiple attackers. However, we find that an attacker can combine the data knowledge of multiple attackers to create a more effective attack model, which can be referred to cross-dataset attacks. Moreover, if knowledge can be extracted with the help of Large Language Models (LLMs), the attack capability will be more significant. In this paper, we propose a novel link stealing attack method that takes advantage of cross-dataset and Large Language Models (LLMs). The LLM is applied to process datasets with different data structures in cross-dataset attacks. Each attacker fine-tunes the LLM on their specific dataset to generate a tailored attack model. We then introduce a novel model merging method to integrate the parameters of these attacker-specific models effectively. The result is a merged attack model with superior generalization capabilities, enabling effective attacks not only on the attackers' datasets but also on previously unseen (out-of-domain) datasets. We conducted extensive experiments in four datasets to demonstrate the effectiveness of our method. Additional experiments with three different GNN and LLM architectures further illustrate the generality of our approach.", 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/2412.05830v1', 'timestamp': 1733639825, 'domain': 'cs.CR', 'citation_count': 0}, {'pk': 'e85feb9f-e81a-45b1-8be0-de03c161ee87', 'authors': ['Dmitry Pronin', 'Evgeny Kazartsev'], 'title': 'Rank-Turbulence Delta and Interpretable Approaches to Stylometric Delta Metrics', 'abstract': "This article introduces two new measures for authorship attribution - Rank-Turbulence Delta and Jensen-Shannon Delta - which generalise Burrows's classical Delta by applying distance functions designed for probabilistic distributions. We first set out the theoretical basis of the measures, contrasting centred and uncentred z-scoring of word-frequency vectors and re-casting the uncentred vectors as probability distributions. Building on this representation, we develop a token-level decomposition that renders every Delta distance numerically interpretable, thereby facilitating close reading and the validation of results. The effectiveness of the methods is assessed on four literary corpora in English, German, French and Russian. The English, German and French datasets are compiled from Project Gutenberg, whereas the Russian benchmark is the SOCIOLIT corpus containing 639 works by 89 authors spanning the eighteenth to the twenty-first centuries. Rank-Turbulence Delta attains attribution accuracy comparable with Cosine Delta; Jensen-Shannon Delta consistently matches or exceeds the performance of canonical Burrows's Delta. Finally, several established attribution algorithms are re-evaluated on the extended SOCIOLIT corpus, providing a realistic estimate of their robustness under pronounced temporal and stylistic variation.", 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/2604.19499v4', 'timestamp': 1776781234, 'domain': 'cs.CL', 'citation_count': 0}, {'pk': '8057ba71-4dd3-4e8b-93d1-16d71b2f6cc1', 'authors': ['Philippe Gaucher'], 'title': 'T-homotopy and refinement of observation (V) : Strom model structure for branching and merging homologies', 'abstract': 'We check that there exists a model structure on the category of flows whose weak equivalences are the S-homotopy equivalences. As an application, we prove that the generalized T-homotopy equivalences preserve the branching and merging homology theories of a flow. The method of proof is completely different from the one of the third part of this series of papers.', 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0401033v3', 'timestamp': 1073333481, 'domain': 'math.AT', 'citation_count': 0}]}'.
INFO:BaseAgent:Agent 'agent5' obtained result '{'success': True, 'papers': [{'pk': 'c9256571-bb76-478b-bd2a-cc0a965c55f5', 'authors': ['Xin He', 'Junxi Shen', 'Zhenheng Tang', 'Xiaowen Chu', 'Bo Li', 'Ivor W. Tsang', 'Yew-Soon Ong'], 'title': 'RouteMark: A Fingerprint for Intellectual Property Attribution in Routing-based Model Merging', 'abstract': 'Model merging via Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) has emerged as a scalable solution for consolidating multiple task-specific models into a unified sparse architecture, where each expert is derived from a model fine-tuned on a distinct task. While effective for multi-task integration, this paradigm introduces a critical yet underexplored challenge: how to attribute and protect the intellectual property (IP) of individual experts after merging. We propose RouteMark, a framework for IP protection in merged MoE models through the design of expert routing fingerprints. Our key insight is that task-specific experts exhibit stable and distinctive routing behaviors under probing inputs. To capture these patterns, we construct expert-level fingerprints using two complementary statistics: the Routing Score Fingerprint (RSF), quantifying the intensity of expert activation, and the Routing Preference Fingerprint (RPF), characterizing the input distribution that preferentially activates each expert. These fingerprints are reproducible, task-discriminative, and lightweight to construct. For attribution and tampering detection, we introduce a similarity-based matching algorithm that compares expert fingerprints between a suspect and a reference (victim) model. Extensive experiments across diverse tasks and CLIP-based MoE architectures show that RouteMark consistently yields high similarity for reused experts and clear separation from unrelated ones. Moreover, it remains robust against both structural tampering (expert replacement, addition, deletion) and parametric tampering (fine-tuning, pruning, permutation), outperforming weight- and activation-based baseliness. Our work lays the foundation for RouteMark as a practical and broadly applicable framework for IP verification in MoE-based model merging.', 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/2508.01784v1', 'timestamp': 1754232718, 'domain': 'cs.CR', 'citation_count': 0}, {'pk': '1cef948d-8fa2-40b0-a41f-79c5128372eb', 'authors': ['Nico Daheim', 'Thomas Möllenhoff', 'Edoardo Maria Ponti', 'Iryna Gurevych', 'Mohammad Emtiyaz Khan'], 'title': 'Model Merging by Uncertainty-Based Gradient Matching', 'abstract': 'Models trained on different datasets can be merged by a weighted-averaging of their parameters, but why does it work and when can it fail? Here, we connect the inaccuracy of weighted-averaging to mismatches in the gradients and propose a new uncertainty-based scheme to improve the performance by reducing the mismatch. The connection also reveals implicit assumptions in other schemes such as averaging, task arithmetic, and Fisher-weighted averaging. Our new method gives consistent improvements for large language models and vision transformers, both in terms of performance and robustness to hyperparameters. Code available here.', 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/2310.12808v2', 'timestamp': 1697727765, 'domain': 'cs.LG', 'citation_count': 0}, {'pk': 'e868ce96-f034-48ea-975b-f8faf32b329b', 'authors': ['H. B. Lee', 'G. C. Kim', 'H. J. Park', 'Y. C. Kim'], 'title': 'Delta H = Delta B region in volume defect-dominating superconductor', 'abstract': 'According to Ginzburg-Landau theory, it has been generally accepted that the diamagnetic property decreases after the lower critical field. However, we found that (Fe, Ti) particle doped MgB2 specimens reveal the Delta H = Delta B section in the magnetization curves, which are not following the theory. We present whether this phenomenon appears to be only confined to (Fe, Ti) particle doped Magnesium diborid superconductor, whether there is a theoretical basis and why it does not appear in other superconductors. We have understood that the cause of the Delta H = Delta B section is the pinning phenomenon of defects in the superconductor and it only occurs in volume defect dominating superconductors. The width of the Delta H = Delta B section along the number of defects and Hc2 was estimated assuming that defects are in the ideal state, and compared with experimental results. We hypothesized that pinned fluxes have to be picked out from the defect and move into an inside of a superconductor regardless free energy depth of the defect if the distance between fluxes pinned at the defect is equal to the one of upper critical field. It is considered that the reason that this phenomenon has not been reported yet is the flux jump of the volume defect dominating superconductor. The section means that the fluxes that have penetrated into a inside of a superconductor in which volume defects exist are preferentially pinned on them over the entire specimen before Ginzburg-Landau behavior. If the size of volume defects is uniform in some extent, the influence of the planar and line defects is small and the flux jump does not occur, we believe that the section must be observed in any superconductor. It is because this is one of the basic natures of pinning phenomenon in the volume defect dominating superconductor.', 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/1805.04683v2', 'timestamp': 1526112859, 'domain': 'physics.app-ph', 'citation_count': 0}, {'pk': '53956cd2-2469-4ee0-b27c-4e307577fc19', 'authors': ['Wenlong Deng', 'Yize Zhao', 'Vala Vakilian', 'Minghui Chen', 'Xiaoxiao Li', 'Christos Thrampoulidis'], 'title': 'DARE the Extreme: Revisiting Delta-Parameter Pruning For Fine-Tuned Models', 'abstract': "Storing open-source fine-tuned models separately introduces redundancy and increases response times in applications utilizing multiple models. Delta-parameter pruning (DPP), particularly the random drop and rescale (DARE) method proposed by Yu et al., addresses this by pruning the majority of delta parameters--the differences between fine-tuned and pre-trained model weights--while typically maintaining minimal performance loss. However, DARE fails when either the pruning rate or the magnitude of the delta parameters is large. We highlight two key reasons for this failure: (1) an excessively large rescaling factor as pruning rates increase, and (2) high mean and variance in the delta parameters. To push DARE's limits, we introduce DAREx (DARE the eXtreme), which features two algorithmic improvements: (1) DAREx-q, a rescaling factor modification that significantly boosts performance at high pruning rates (e.g., >30 % on COLA and SST2 for encoder models, with even greater gains in decoder models), and (2) DAREx-L2, which combines DARE with AdamR, an in-training method that applies appropriate delta regularization before DPP. We also demonstrate that DAREx-q can be seamlessly combined with vanilla parameter-efficient fine-tuning techniques like LoRA and can facilitate structural DPP. Additionally, we revisit the application of importance-based pruning techniques within DPP, demonstrating that they outperform random-based methods when delta parameters are large. Through this comprehensive study, we develop a pipeline for selecting the most appropriate DPP method under various practical scenarios.", 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/2410.09344v2', 'timestamp': 1728703318, 'domain': 'cs.LG', 'citation_count': 0}, {'pk': '700ebf79-fa3f-4398-9db7-adc648fb5b09', 'authors': ['Xisen Jin', 'Xiang Ren', 'Daniel Preotiuc-Pietro', 'Pengxiang Cheng'], 'title': 'Dataless Knowledge Fusion by Merging Weights of Language Models', 'abstract': 'Fine-tuning pre-trained language models has become the prevalent paradigm for building downstream NLP models. Oftentimes fine-tuned models are readily available but their training data is not, due to data privacy or intellectual property concerns. This creates a barrier to fusing knowledge across individual models to yield a better single model. In this paper, we study the problem of merging individual models built on different training data sets to obtain a single model that performs well both across all data set domains and can generalize on out-of-domain data. We propose a dataless knowledge fusion method that merges models in their parameter space, guided by weights that minimize prediction differences between the merged model and the individual models. Over a battery of evaluation settings, we show that the proposed method significantly outperforms baselines such as Fisher-weighted averaging or model ensembling. Further, we find that our method is a promising alternative to multi-task learning that can preserve or sometimes improve over the individual models without access to the training data. Finally, model merging is more efficient than training a multi-task model, thus making it applicable to a wider set of scenarios.', 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/2212.09849v6', 'timestamp': 1671482803, 'domain': 'cs.CL', 'citation_count': 0}, {'pk': 'e2e4a93f-5f39-4f01-bc79-adc501514089', 'authors': ['Andrey Nechesov'], 'title': 'Delta -- new logic programming language and Delta-methodology for p-computable programs on Turing Complete Languages', 'abstract': 'In paper describes the new logic programming language Delta, which have a many good properties. Delta-programs is p-computable, verifiable and can translation on other languages. Also we describe the Delta-methodology for constructing p-computable programs in high-level languages such as PHP, Java, JavaScript, C++, Pascal, Delphi, Python, Solidity and other. We would like to especially note the use of the Delta methodology for creating Smart Contracts and for Internet of things. We change the concept of the formula and define D-formulas(or Delta programs) are special list-formulas. Then we define the execution of a program how is the process of checking truth D-formula on a dynamic model. Main idea our paper consider program how list-formula from another formulas on dynamic models. And we created by iterations new Delta-programs use simple base formulas for this. Also we entered a dynamic models how models where we save final values of variables when check formula on this model.', 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/1907.07767v1', 'timestamp': 1562933930, 'domain': 'cs.LO', 'citation_count': 0}, {'pk': 'fe29b7bd-64cc-4482-8060-c9ca1bc42cc7', 'authors': ['Yifan Zhang', 'Yifeng Liu', 'Mengdi Wang', 'Quanquan Gu'], 'title': 'Deep Delta Learning', 'abstract': 'Transformer residual streams evolve by additive accumulation: each layer appends a feature update to a shared hidden state, but has no direct mechanism for replacing content that has become obsolete or conflicting. We introduce Deep Delta Learning (DDL), a residual update rule that preserves the identity path while giving every layer the ability to selectively rewrite residual content. DDL reads the current state along a learned direction, compares it with a learned target value, and writes back a gated correction along the same direction. When the gate is closed, the update reduces to the identity; when the gate is fully open, the selected component is overwritten, yielding a depth-wise delta-rule generalization of standard residual addition. We integrate DDL in decoder-only language models with both scalar and expanded residual states, while keeping attention and MLP sublayers at the original compute width. Controlled pretraining and downstream evaluations show that residual rewrite operations improve language modeling quality relative to pure additive accumulation introduced in ResNet, suggesting that a learned delta-rule update is an effective mechanism for managing Transformer residual streams.', 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/2601.00417v3', 'timestamp': 1767291098, 'domain': 'cs.LG', 'citation_count': 0}, {'pk': '66b35259-076b-4b6f-8eb8-4276bc84f1a3', 'authors': ['Faqian Guan', 'Tianqing Zhu', 'Wenhan Chang', 'Wei Ren', 'Wanlei Zhou'], 'title': 'Large Language Models Merging for Enhancing the Link Stealing Attack on Graph Neural Networks', 'abstract': "Graph Neural Networks (GNNs), specifically designed to process the graph data, have achieved remarkable success in various applications. Link stealing attacks on graph data pose a significant privacy threat, as attackers aim to extract sensitive relationships between nodes (entities), potentially leading to academic misconduct, fraudulent transactions, or other malicious activities. Previous studies have primarily focused on single datasets and did not explore cross-dataset attacks, let alone attacks that leverage the combined knowledge of multiple attackers. However, we find that an attacker can combine the data knowledge of multiple attackers to create a more effective attack model, which can be referred to cross-dataset attacks. Moreover, if knowledge can be extracted with the help of Large Language Models (LLMs), the attack capability will be more significant. In this paper, we propose a novel link stealing attack method that takes advantage of cross-dataset and Large Language Models (LLMs). The LLM is applied to process datasets with different data structures in cross-dataset attacks. Each attacker fine-tunes the LLM on their specific dataset to generate a tailored attack model. We then introduce a novel model merging method to integrate the parameters of these attacker-specific models effectively. The result is a merged attack model with superior generalization capabilities, enabling effective attacks not only on the attackers' datasets but also on previously unseen (out-of-domain) datasets. We conducted extensive experiments in four datasets to demonstrate the effectiveness of our method. Additional experiments with three different GNN and LLM architectures further illustrate the generality of our approach.", 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/2412.05830v1', 'timestamp': 1733639825, 'domain': 'cs.CR', 'citation_count': 0}, {'pk': 'e85feb9f-e81a-45b1-8be0-de03c161ee87', 'authors': ['Dmitry Pronin', 'Evgeny Kazartsev'], 'title': 'Rank-Turbulence Delta and Interpretable Approaches to Stylometric Delta Metrics', 'abstract': "This article introduces two new measures for authorship attribution - Rank-Turbulence Delta and Jensen-Shannon Delta - which generalise Burrows's classical Delta by applying distance functions designed for probabilistic distributions. We first set out the theoretical basis of the measures, contrasting centred and uncentred z-scoring of word-frequency vectors and re-casting the uncentred vectors as probability distributions. Building on this representation, we develop a token-level decomposition that renders every Delta distance numerically interpretable, thereby facilitating close reading and the validation of results. The effectiveness of the methods is assessed on four literary corpora in English, German, French and Russian. The English, German and French datasets are compiled from Project Gutenberg, whereas the Russian benchmark is the SOCIOLIT corpus containing 639 works by 89 authors spanning the eighteenth to the twenty-first centuries. Rank-Turbulence Delta attains attribution accuracy comparable with Cosine Delta; Jensen-Shannon Delta consistently matches or exceeds the performance of canonical Burrows's Delta. Finally, several established attribution algorithms are re-evaluated on the extended SOCIOLIT corpus, providing a realistic estimate of their robustness under pronounced temporal and stylistic variation.", 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/2604.19499v4', 'timestamp': 1776781234, 'domain': 'cs.CL', 'citation_count': 0}, {'pk': '8057ba71-4dd3-4e8b-93d1-16d71b2f6cc1', 'authors': ['Philippe Gaucher'], 'title': 'T-homotopy and refinement of observation (V) : Strom model structure for branching and merging homologies', 'abstract': 'We check that there exists a model structure on the category of flows whose weak equivalences are the S-homotopy equivalences. As an application, we prove that the generalized T-homotopy equivalences preserve the branching and merging homology theories of a flow. The method of proof is completely different from the one of the third part of this series of papers.', 'url': 'http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0401033v3', 'timestamp': 1073333481, 'domain': 'math.AT', 'citation_count': 0}]}'.
[2026-07-03 11:38:38,591] [INFO] [Engine]: Processing result for agent 'agent5'
INFO:Engine:Processing result for agent 'agent5'
[2026-07-03 11:38:38,591] [INFO] [Engine]: Communication received: None
INFO:Engine:Communication received: None
[2026-07-03 11:38:38,591] [DEBUG] [Engine]: Agent 'agent5' completed initial task with result: Result from the model:
Result from the function:{"success": true, "papers": [{"pk": "c9256571-bb76-478b-bd2a-cc0a965c55f5", "authors": ["Xin He", "Junxi Shen", "Zhenheng Tang", "Xiaowen Chu", "Bo Li", "Ivor W. Tsang", "Yew-Soon Ong"], "title": "RouteMark: A Fingerprint for Intellectual Property Attribution in Routing-based Model Merging", "abstract": "Model merging via Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) has emerged as a scalable solution for consolidating multiple task-specific models into a unified sparse architecture, where each expert is derived from a model fine-tuned on a distinct task. While effective for multi-task integration, this paradigm introduces a critical yet underexplored challenge: how to attribute and protect the intellectual property (IP) of individual experts after merging. We propose RouteMark, a framework for IP protection in merged MoE models through the design of expert routing fingerprints. Our key insight is that task-specific experts exhibit stable and distinctive routing behaviors under probing inputs. To capture these patterns, we construct expert-level fingerprints using two complementary statistics: the Routing Score Fingerprint (RSF), quantifying the intensity of expert activation, and the Routing Preference Fingerprint (RPF), characterizing the input distribution that preferentially activates each expert. These fingerprints are reproducible, task-discriminative, and lightweight to construct. For attribution and tampering detection, we introduce a similarity-based matching algorithm that compares expert fingerprints between a suspect and a reference (victim) model. Extensive experiments across diverse tasks and CLIP-based MoE architectures show that RouteMark consistently yields high similarity for reused experts and clear separation from unrelated ones. Moreover, it remains robust against both structural tampering (expert replacement, addition, deletion) and parametric tampering (fine-tuning, pruning, permutation), outperforming weight- and activation-based baseliness. Our work lays the foundation for RouteMark as a practical and broadly applicable framework for IP verification in MoE-based model merging.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/2508.01784v1", "timestamp": 1754232718, "domain": "cs.CR", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "1cef948d-8fa2-40b0-a41f-79c5128372eb", "authors": ["Nico Daheim", "Thomas M\u00f6llenhoff", "Edoardo Maria Ponti", "Iryna Gurevych", "Mohammad Emtiyaz Khan"], "title": "Model Merging by Uncertainty-Based Gradient Matching", "abstract": "Models trained on different datasets can be merged by a weighted-averaging of their parameters, but why does it work and when can it fail? Here, we connect the inaccuracy of weighted-averaging to mismatches in the gradients and propose a new uncertainty-based scheme to improve the performance by reducing the mismatch. The connection also reveals implicit assumptions in other schemes such as averaging, task arithmetic, and Fisher-weighted averaging. Our new method gives consistent improvements for large language models and vision transformers, both in terms of performance and robustness to hyperparameters. Code available here.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/2310.12808v2", "timestamp": 1697727765, "domain": "cs.LG", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "e868ce96-f034-48ea-975b-f8faf32b329b", "authors": ["H. B. Lee", "G. C. Kim", "H. J. Park", "Y. C. Kim"], "title": "Delta H = Delta B region in volume defect-dominating superconductor", "abstract": "According to Ginzburg-Landau theory, it has been generally accepted that the diamagnetic property decreases after the lower critical field. However, we found that (Fe, Ti) particle doped MgB2 specimens reveal the Delta H = Delta B section in the magnetization curves, which are not following the theory. We present whether this phenomenon appears to be only confined to (Fe, Ti) particle doped Magnesium diborid superconductor, whether there is a theoretical basis and why it does not appear in other superconductors. We have understood that the cause of the Delta H = Delta B section is the pinning phenomenon of defects in the superconductor and it only occurs in volume defect dominating superconductors. The width of the Delta H = Delta B section along the number of defects and Hc2 was estimated assuming that defects are in the ideal state, and compared with experimental results. We hypothesized that pinned fluxes have to be picked out from the defect and move into an inside of a superconductor regardless free energy depth of the defect if the distance between fluxes pinned at the defect is equal to the one of upper critical field. It is considered that the reason that this phenomenon has not been reported yet is the flux jump of the volume defect dominating superconductor. The section means that the fluxes that have penetrated into a inside of a superconductor in which volume defects exist are preferentially pinned on them over the entire specimen before Ginzburg-Landau behavior. If the size of volume defects is uniform in some extent, the influence of the planar and line defects is small and the flux jump does not occur, we believe that the section must be observed in any superconductor. It is because this is one of the basic natures of pinning phenomenon in the volume defect dominating superconductor.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/1805.04683v2", "timestamp": 1526112859, "domain": "physics.app-ph", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "53956cd2-2469-4ee0-b27c-4e307577fc19", "authors": ["Wenlong Deng", "Yize Zhao", "Vala Vakilian", "Minghui Chen", "Xiaoxiao Li", "Christos Thrampoulidis"], "title": "DARE the Extreme: Revisiting Delta-Parameter Pruning For Fine-Tuned Models", "abstract": "Storing open-source fine-tuned models separately introduces redundancy and increases response times in applications utilizing multiple models. Delta-parameter pruning (DPP), particularly the random drop and rescale (DARE) method proposed by Yu et al., addresses this by pruning the majority of delta parameters--the differences between fine-tuned and pre-trained model weights--while typically maintaining minimal performance loss. However, DARE fails when either the pruning rate or the magnitude of the delta parameters is large. We highlight two key reasons for this failure: (1) an excessively large rescaling factor as pruning rates increase, and (2) high mean and variance in the delta parameters. To push DARE's limits, we introduce DAREx (DARE the eXtreme), which features two algorithmic improvements: (1) DAREx-q, a rescaling factor modification that significantly boosts performance at high pruning rates (e.g., >30 % on COLA and SST2 for encoder models, with even greater gains in decoder models), and (2) DAREx-L2, which combines DARE with AdamR, an in-training method that applies appropriate delta regularization before DPP. We also demonstrate that DAREx-q can be seamlessly combined with vanilla parameter-efficient fine-tuning techniques like LoRA and can facilitate structural DPP. Additionally, we revisit the application of importance-based pruning techniques within DPP, demonstrating that they outperform random-based methods when delta parameters are large. Through this comprehensive study, we develop a pipeline for selecting the most appropriate DPP method under various practical scenarios.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/2410.09344v2", "timestamp": 1728703318, "domain": "cs.LG", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "700ebf79-fa3f-4398-9db7-adc648fb5b09", "authors": ["Xisen Jin", "Xiang Ren", "Daniel Preotiuc-Pietro", "Pengxiang Cheng"], "title": "Dataless Knowledge Fusion by Merging Weights of Language Models", "abstract": "Fine-tuning pre-trained language models has become the prevalent paradigm for building downstream NLP models. Oftentimes fine-tuned models are readily available but their training data is not, due to data privacy or intellectual property concerns. This creates a barrier to fusing knowledge across individual models to yield a better single model. In this paper, we study the problem of merging individual models built on different training data sets to obtain a single model that performs well both across all data set domains and can generalize on out-of-domain data. We propose a dataless knowledge fusion method that merges models in their parameter space, guided by weights that minimize prediction differences between the merged model and the individual models. Over a battery of evaluation settings, we show that the proposed method significantly outperforms baselines such as Fisher-weighted averaging or model ensembling. Further, we find that our method is a promising alternative to multi-task learning that can preserve or sometimes improve over the individual models without access to the training data. Finally, model merging is more efficient than training a multi-task model, thus making it applicable to a wider set of scenarios.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/2212.09849v6", "timestamp": 1671482803, "domain": "cs.CL", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "e2e4a93f-5f39-4f01-bc79-adc501514089", "authors": ["Andrey Nechesov"], "title": "Delta -- new logic programming language and Delta-methodology for p-computable programs on Turing Complete Languages", "abstract": "In paper describes the new logic programming language Delta, which have a many good properties. Delta-programs is p-computable, verifiable and can translation on other languages. Also we describe the Delta-methodology for constructing p-computable programs in high-level languages such as PHP, Java, JavaScript, C++, Pascal, Delphi, Python, Solidity and other. We would like to especially note the use of the Delta methodology for creating Smart Contracts and for Internet of things. We change the concept of the formula and define D-formulas(or Delta programs) are special list-formulas. Then we define the execution of a program how is the process of checking truth D-formula on a dynamic model. Main idea our paper consider program how list-formula from another formulas on dynamic models. And we created by iterations new Delta-programs use simple base formulas for this. Also we entered a dynamic models how models where we save final values of variables when check formula on this model.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/1907.07767v1", "timestamp": 1562933930, "domain": "cs.LO", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "fe29b7bd-64cc-4482-8060-c9ca1bc42cc7", "authors": ["Yifan Zhang", "Yifeng Liu", "Mengdi Wang", "Quanquan Gu"], "title": "Deep Delta Learning", "abstract": "Transformer residual streams evolve by additive accumulation: each layer appends a feature update to a shared hidden state, but has no direct mechanism for replacing content that has become obsolete or conflicting. We introduce Deep Delta Learning (DDL), a residual update rule that preserves the identity path while giving every layer the ability to selectively rewrite residual content. DDL reads the current state along a learned direction, compares it with a learned target value, and writes back a gated correction along the same direction. When the gate is closed, the update reduces to the identity; when the gate is fully open, the selected component is overwritten, yielding a depth-wise delta-rule generalization of standard residual addition. We integrate DDL in decoder-only language models with both scalar and expanded residual states, while keeping attention and MLP sublayers at the original compute width. Controlled pretraining and downstream evaluations show that residual rewrite operations improve language modeling quality relative to pure additive accumulation introduced in ResNet, suggesting that a learned delta-rule update is an effective mechanism for managing Transformer residual streams.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/2601.00417v3", "timestamp": 1767291098, "domain": "cs.LG", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "66b35259-076b-4b6f-8eb8-4276bc84f1a3", "authors": ["Faqian Guan", "Tianqing Zhu", "Wenhan Chang", "Wei Ren", "Wanlei Zhou"], "title": "Large Language Models Merging for Enhancing the Link Stealing Attack on Graph Neural Networks", "abstract": "Graph Neural Networks (GNNs), specifically designed to process the graph data, have achieved remarkable success in various applications. Link stealing attacks on graph data pose a significant privacy threat, as attackers aim to extract sensitive relationships between nodes (entities), potentially leading to academic misconduct, fraudulent transactions, or other malicious activities. Previous studies have primarily focused on single datasets and did not explore cross-dataset attacks, let alone attacks that leverage the combined knowledge of multiple attackers. However, we find that an attacker can combine the data knowledge of multiple attackers to create a more effective attack model, which can be referred to cross-dataset attacks. Moreover, if knowledge can be extracted with the help of Large Language Models (LLMs), the attack capability will be more significant. In this paper, we propose a novel link stealing attack method that takes advantage of cross-dataset and Large Language Models (LLMs). The LLM is applied to process datasets with different data structures in cross-dataset attacks. Each attacker fine-tunes the LLM on their specific dataset to generate a tailored attack model. We then introduce a novel model merging method to integrate the parameters of these attacker-specific models effectively. The result is a merged attack model with superior generalization capabilities, enabling effective attacks not only on the attackers' datasets but also on previously unseen (out-of-domain) datasets. We conducted extensive experiments in four datasets to demonstrate the effectiveness of our method. Additional experiments with three different GNN and LLM architectures further illustrate the generality of our approach.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/2412.05830v1", "timestamp": 1733639825, "domain": "cs.CR", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "e85feb9f-e81a-45b1-8be0-de03c161ee87", "authors": ["Dmitry Pronin", "Evgeny Kazartsev"], "title": "Rank-Turbulence Delta and Interpretable Approaches to Stylometric Delta Metrics", "abstract": "This article introduces two new measures for authorship attribution - Rank-Turbulence Delta and Jensen-Shannon Delta - which generalise Burrows's classical Delta by applying distance functions designed for probabilistic distributions. We first set out the theoretical basis of the measures, contrasting centred and uncentred z-scoring of word-frequency vectors and re-casting the uncentred vectors as probability distributions. Building on this representation, we develop a token-level decomposition that renders every Delta distance numerically interpretable, thereby facilitating close reading and the validation of results. The effectiveness of the methods is assessed on four literary corpora in English, German, French and Russian. The English, German and French datasets are compiled from Project Gutenberg, whereas the Russian benchmark is the SOCIOLIT corpus containing 639 works by 89 authors spanning the eighteenth to the twenty-first centuries. Rank-Turbulence Delta attains attribution accuracy comparable with Cosine Delta; Jensen-Shannon Delta consistently matches or exceeds the performance of canonical Burrows's Delta. Finally, several established attribution algorithms are re-evaluated on the extended SOCIOLIT corpus, providing a realistic estimate of their robustness under pronounced temporal and stylistic variation.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/2604.19499v4", "timestamp": 1776781234, "domain": "cs.CL", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "8057ba71-4dd3-4e8b-93d1-16d71b2f6cc1", "authors": ["Philippe Gaucher"], "title": "T-homotopy and refinement of observation (V) : Strom model structure for branching and merging homologies", "abstract": "We check that there exists a model structure on the category of flows whose weak equivalences are the S-homotopy equivalences. As an application, we prove that the generalized T-homotopy equivalences preserve the branching and merging homology theories of a flow. The method of proof is completely different from the one of the third part of this series of papers.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0401033v3", "timestamp": 1073333481, "domain": "math.AT", "citation_count": 0}]}
DEBUG:Engine:Agent 'agent5' completed initial task with result: Result from the model:
Result from the function:{"success": true, "papers": [{"pk": "c9256571-bb76-478b-bd2a-cc0a965c55f5", "authors": ["Xin He", "Junxi Shen", "Zhenheng Tang", "Xiaowen Chu", "Bo Li", "Ivor W. Tsang", "Yew-Soon Ong"], "title": "RouteMark: A Fingerprint for Intellectual Property Attribution in Routing-based Model Merging", "abstract": "Model merging via Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) has emerged as a scalable solution for consolidating multiple task-specific models into a unified sparse architecture, where each expert is derived from a model fine-tuned on a distinct task. While effective for multi-task integration, this paradigm introduces a critical yet underexplored challenge: how to attribute and protect the intellectual property (IP) of individual experts after merging. We propose RouteMark, a framework for IP protection in merged MoE models through the design of expert routing fingerprints. Our key insight is that task-specific experts exhibit stable and distinctive routing behaviors under probing inputs. To capture these patterns, we construct expert-level fingerprints using two complementary statistics: the Routing Score Fingerprint (RSF), quantifying the intensity of expert activation, and the Routing Preference Fingerprint (RPF), characterizing the input distribution that preferentially activates each expert. These fingerprints are reproducible, task-discriminative, and lightweight to construct. For attribution and tampering detection, we introduce a similarity-based matching algorithm that compares expert fingerprints between a suspect and a reference (victim) model. Extensive experiments across diverse tasks and CLIP-based MoE architectures show that RouteMark consistently yields high similarity for reused experts and clear separation from unrelated ones. Moreover, it remains robust against both structural tampering (expert replacement, addition, deletion) and parametric tampering (fine-tuning, pruning, permutation), outperforming weight- and activation-based baseliness. Our work lays the foundation for RouteMark as a practical and broadly applicable framework for IP verification in MoE-based model merging.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/2508.01784v1", "timestamp": 1754232718, "domain": "cs.CR", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "1cef948d-8fa2-40b0-a41f-79c5128372eb", "authors": ["Nico Daheim", "Thomas M\u00f6llenhoff", "Edoardo Maria Ponti", "Iryna Gurevych", "Mohammad Emtiyaz Khan"], "title": "Model Merging by Uncertainty-Based Gradient Matching", "abstract": "Models trained on different datasets can be merged by a weighted-averaging of their parameters, but why does it work and when can it fail? Here, we connect the inaccuracy of weighted-averaging to mismatches in the gradients and propose a new uncertainty-based scheme to improve the performance by reducing the mismatch. The connection also reveals implicit assumptions in other schemes such as averaging, task arithmetic, and Fisher-weighted averaging. Our new method gives consistent improvements for large language models and vision transformers, both in terms of performance and robustness to hyperparameters. Code available here.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/2310.12808v2", "timestamp": 1697727765, "domain": "cs.LG", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "e868ce96-f034-48ea-975b-f8faf32b329b", "authors": ["H. B. Lee", "G. C. Kim", "H. J. Park", "Y. C. Kim"], "title": "Delta H = Delta B region in volume defect-dominating superconductor", "abstract": "According to Ginzburg-Landau theory, it has been generally accepted that the diamagnetic property decreases after the lower critical field. However, we found that (Fe, Ti) particle doped MgB2 specimens reveal the Delta H = Delta B section in the magnetization curves, which are not following the theory. We present whether this phenomenon appears to be only confined to (Fe, Ti) particle doped Magnesium diborid superconductor, whether there is a theoretical basis and why it does not appear in other superconductors. We have understood that the cause of the Delta H = Delta B section is the pinning phenomenon of defects in the superconductor and it only occurs in volume defect dominating superconductors. The width of the Delta H = Delta B section along the number of defects and Hc2 was estimated assuming that defects are in the ideal state, and compared with experimental results. We hypothesized that pinned fluxes have to be picked out from the defect and move into an inside of a superconductor regardless free energy depth of the defect if the distance between fluxes pinned at the defect is equal to the one of upper critical field. It is considered that the reason that this phenomenon has not been reported yet is the flux jump of the volume defect dominating superconductor. The section means that the fluxes that have penetrated into a inside of a superconductor in which volume defects exist are preferentially pinned on them over the entire specimen before Ginzburg-Landau behavior. If the size of volume defects is uniform in some extent, the influence of the planar and line defects is small and the flux jump does not occur, we believe that the section must be observed in any superconductor. It is because this is one of the basic natures of pinning phenomenon in the volume defect dominating superconductor.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/1805.04683v2", "timestamp": 1526112859, "domain": "physics.app-ph", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "53956cd2-2469-4ee0-b27c-4e307577fc19", "authors": ["Wenlong Deng", "Yize Zhao", "Vala Vakilian", "Minghui Chen", "Xiaoxiao Li", "Christos Thrampoulidis"], "title": "DARE the Extreme: Revisiting Delta-Parameter Pruning For Fine-Tuned Models", "abstract": "Storing open-source fine-tuned models separately introduces redundancy and increases response times in applications utilizing multiple models. Delta-parameter pruning (DPP), particularly the random drop and rescale (DARE) method proposed by Yu et al., addresses this by pruning the majority of delta parameters--the differences between fine-tuned and pre-trained model weights--while typically maintaining minimal performance loss. However, DARE fails when either the pruning rate or the magnitude of the delta parameters is large. We highlight two key reasons for this failure: (1) an excessively large rescaling factor as pruning rates increase, and (2) high mean and variance in the delta parameters. To push DARE's limits, we introduce DAREx (DARE the eXtreme), which features two algorithmic improvements: (1) DAREx-q, a rescaling factor modification that significantly boosts performance at high pruning rates (e.g., >30 % on COLA and SST2 for encoder models, with even greater gains in decoder models), and (2) DAREx-L2, which combines DARE with AdamR, an in-training method that applies appropriate delta regularization before DPP. We also demonstrate that DAREx-q can be seamlessly combined with vanilla parameter-efficient fine-tuning techniques like LoRA and can facilitate structural DPP. Additionally, we revisit the application of importance-based pruning techniques within DPP, demonstrating that they outperform random-based methods when delta parameters are large. Through this comprehensive study, we develop a pipeline for selecting the most appropriate DPP method under various practical scenarios.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/2410.09344v2", "timestamp": 1728703318, "domain": "cs.LG", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "700ebf79-fa3f-4398-9db7-adc648fb5b09", "authors": ["Xisen Jin", "Xiang Ren", "Daniel Preotiuc-Pietro", "Pengxiang Cheng"], "title": "Dataless Knowledge Fusion by Merging Weights of Language Models", "abstract": "Fine-tuning pre-trained language models has become the prevalent paradigm for building downstream NLP models. Oftentimes fine-tuned models are readily available but their training data is not, due to data privacy or intellectual property concerns. This creates a barrier to fusing knowledge across individual models to yield a better single model. In this paper, we study the problem of merging individual models built on different training data sets to obtain a single model that performs well both across all data set domains and can generalize on out-of-domain data. We propose a dataless knowledge fusion method that merges models in their parameter space, guided by weights that minimize prediction differences between the merged model and the individual models. Over a battery of evaluation settings, we show that the proposed method significantly outperforms baselines such as Fisher-weighted averaging or model ensembling. Further, we find that our method is a promising alternative to multi-task learning that can preserve or sometimes improve over the individual models without access to the training data. Finally, model merging is more efficient than training a multi-task model, thus making it applicable to a wider set of scenarios.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/2212.09849v6", "timestamp": 1671482803, "domain": "cs.CL", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "e2e4a93f-5f39-4f01-bc79-adc501514089", "authors": ["Andrey Nechesov"], "title": "Delta -- new logic programming language and Delta-methodology for p-computable programs on Turing Complete Languages", "abstract": "In paper describes the new logic programming language Delta, which have a many good properties. Delta-programs is p-computable, verifiable and can translation on other languages. Also we describe the Delta-methodology for constructing p-computable programs in high-level languages such as PHP, Java, JavaScript, C++, Pascal, Delphi, Python, Solidity and other. We would like to especially note the use of the Delta methodology for creating Smart Contracts and for Internet of things. We change the concept of the formula and define D-formulas(or Delta programs) are special list-formulas. Then we define the execution of a program how is the process of checking truth D-formula on a dynamic model. Main idea our paper consider program how list-formula from another formulas on dynamic models. And we created by iterations new Delta-programs use simple base formulas for this. Also we entered a dynamic models how models where we save final values of variables when check formula on this model.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/1907.07767v1", "timestamp": 1562933930, "domain": "cs.LO", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "fe29b7bd-64cc-4482-8060-c9ca1bc42cc7", "authors": ["Yifan Zhang", "Yifeng Liu", "Mengdi Wang", "Quanquan Gu"], "title": "Deep Delta Learning", "abstract": "Transformer residual streams evolve by additive accumulation: each layer appends a feature update to a shared hidden state, but has no direct mechanism for replacing content that has become obsolete or conflicting. We introduce Deep Delta Learning (DDL), a residual update rule that preserves the identity path while giving every layer the ability to selectively rewrite residual content. DDL reads the current state along a learned direction, compares it with a learned target value, and writes back a gated correction along the same direction. When the gate is closed, the update reduces to the identity; when the gate is fully open, the selected component is overwritten, yielding a depth-wise delta-rule generalization of standard residual addition. We integrate DDL in decoder-only language models with both scalar and expanded residual states, while keeping attention and MLP sublayers at the original compute width. Controlled pretraining and downstream evaluations show that residual rewrite operations improve language modeling quality relative to pure additive accumulation introduced in ResNet, suggesting that a learned delta-rule update is an effective mechanism for managing Transformer residual streams.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/2601.00417v3", "timestamp": 1767291098, "domain": "cs.LG", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "66b35259-076b-4b6f-8eb8-4276bc84f1a3", "authors": ["Faqian Guan", "Tianqing Zhu", "Wenhan Chang", "Wei Ren", "Wanlei Zhou"], "title": "Large Language Models Merging for Enhancing the Link Stealing Attack on Graph Neural Networks", "abstract": "Graph Neural Networks (GNNs), specifically designed to process the graph data, have achieved remarkable success in various applications. Link stealing attacks on graph data pose a significant privacy threat, as attackers aim to extract sensitive relationships between nodes (entities), potentially leading to academic misconduct, fraudulent transactions, or other malicious activities. Previous studies have primarily focused on single datasets and did not explore cross-dataset attacks, let alone attacks that leverage the combined knowledge of multiple attackers. However, we find that an attacker can combine the data knowledge of multiple attackers to create a more effective attack model, which can be referred to cross-dataset attacks. Moreover, if knowledge can be extracted with the help of Large Language Models (LLMs), the attack capability will be more significant. In this paper, we propose a novel link stealing attack method that takes advantage of cross-dataset and Large Language Models (LLMs). The LLM is applied to process datasets with different data structures in cross-dataset attacks. Each attacker fine-tunes the LLM on their specific dataset to generate a tailored attack model. We then introduce a novel model merging method to integrate the parameters of these attacker-specific models effectively. The result is a merged attack model with superior generalization capabilities, enabling effective attacks not only on the attackers' datasets but also on previously unseen (out-of-domain) datasets. We conducted extensive experiments in four datasets to demonstrate the effectiveness of our method. Additional experiments with three different GNN and LLM architectures further illustrate the generality of our approach.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/2412.05830v1", "timestamp": 1733639825, "domain": "cs.CR", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "e85feb9f-e81a-45b1-8be0-de03c161ee87", "authors": ["Dmitry Pronin", "Evgeny Kazartsev"], "title": "Rank-Turbulence Delta and Interpretable Approaches to Stylometric Delta Metrics", "abstract": "This article introduces two new measures for authorship attribution - Rank-Turbulence Delta and Jensen-Shannon Delta - which generalise Burrows's classical Delta by applying distance functions designed for probabilistic distributions. We first set out the theoretical basis of the measures, contrasting centred and uncentred z-scoring of word-frequency vectors and re-casting the uncentred vectors as probability distributions. Building on this representation, we develop a token-level decomposition that renders every Delta distance numerically interpretable, thereby facilitating close reading and the validation of results. The effectiveness of the methods is assessed on four literary corpora in English, German, French and Russian. The English, German and French datasets are compiled from Project Gutenberg, whereas the Russian benchmark is the SOCIOLIT corpus containing 639 works by 89 authors spanning the eighteenth to the twenty-first centuries. Rank-Turbulence Delta attains attribution accuracy comparable with Cosine Delta; Jensen-Shannon Delta consistently matches or exceeds the performance of canonical Burrows's Delta. Finally, several established attribution algorithms are re-evaluated on the extended SOCIOLIT corpus, providing a realistic estimate of their robustness under pronounced temporal and stylistic variation.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/2604.19499v4", "timestamp": 1776781234, "domain": "cs.CL", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "8057ba71-4dd3-4e8b-93d1-16d71b2f6cc1", "authors": ["Philippe Gaucher"], "title": "T-homotopy and refinement of observation (V) : Strom model structure for branching and merging homologies", "abstract": "We check that there exists a model structure on the category of flows whose weak equivalences are the S-homotopy equivalences. As an application, we prove that the generalized T-homotopy equivalences preserve the branching and merging homology theories of a flow. The method of proof is completely different from the one of the third part of this series of papers.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0401033v3", "timestamp": 1073333481, "domain": "math.AT", "citation_count": 0}]}
[2026-07-03 11:38:38,593] [DEBUG] [Engine]: Summarized agents' results:
Agents' Results Summary:
- {'agent1': 'Result from the model:\nResult from the function:{"success": true, "papers": [{"pk": "38e969af-53cb-4e0b-b2e4-75ed88b8b85d", "authors": ["Philippe Gaucher"], "title": "T-homotopy and refinement of observation (V) : Strom model structure for branching and merging homologies", "abstract": "We check that there exists a model structure on the category of flows whose weak equivalences are the S-homotopy equivalences. As an application, we prove that the generalized T-homotopy equivalences preserve the branching and merging homology theories of a flow. The method of proof is completely different from the one of the third part of this series of papers.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0401033v3", "timestamp": 1073333481, "domain": "math.AT", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "5c6ad211-a291-4617-bd1d-fd0c12f66666", "authors": ["Faqian Guan", "Tianqing Zhu", "Wenhan Chang", "Wei Ren", "Wanlei Zhou"], "title": "Large Language Models Merging for Enhancing the Link Stealing Attack on G
- {'agent2': 'Result from the model:\nResult from the function:{"success": true, "papers": [{"pk": "f1e59690-72c3-488d-8295-3ec6bf5350b7", "authors": ["H. B. Lee", "G. C. Kim", "H. J. Park", "Y. C. Kim"], "title": "Delta H = Delta B region in volume defect-dominating superconductor", "abstract": "According to Ginzburg-Landau theory, it has been generally accepted that the diamagnetic property decreases after the lower critical field. However, we found that (Fe, Ti) particle doped MgB2 specimens reveal the Delta H = Delta B section in the magnetization curves, which are not following the theory. We present whether this phenomenon appears to be only confined to (Fe, Ti) particle doped Magnesium diborid superconductor, whether there is a theoretical basis and why it does not appear in other superconductors. We have understood that the cause of the Delta H = Delta B section is the pinning phenomenon of defects in the superconductor and it only occurs in volume defect dominating superconduc
- {'agent3': 'Result from the model:\n'}
- {'agent4': 'Result from the model:\nResult from the function:{"success": true, "papers": [{"pk": "84b88bb4-b461-4288-a13f-19b34e3eb92c", "authors": ["Xin He", "Junxi Shen", "Zhenheng Tang", "Xiaowen Chu", "Bo Li", "Ivor W. Tsang", "Yew-Soon Ong"], "title": "RouteMark: A Fingerprint for Intellectual Property Attribution in Routing-based Model Merging", "abstract": "Model merging via Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) has emerged as a scalable solution for consolidating multiple task-specific models into a unified sparse architecture, where each expert is derived from a model fine-tuned on a distinct task. While effective for multi-task integration, this paradigm introduces a critical yet underexplored challenge: how to attribute and protect the intellectual property (IP) of individual experts after merging. We propose RouteMark, a framework for IP protection in merged MoE models through the design of expert routing fingerprints. Our key insight is that task-specific experts exhibit stable and d
- {'agent5': 'Result from the model:\nResult from the function:{"success": true, "papers": [{"pk": "c9256571-bb76-478b-bd2a-cc0a965c55f5", "authors": ["Xin He", "Junxi Shen", "Zhenheng Tang", "Xiaowen Chu", "Bo Li", "Ivor W. Tsang", "Yew-Soon Ong"], "title": "RouteMark: A Fingerprint for Intellectual Property Attribution in Routing-based Model Merging", "abstract": "Model merging via Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) has emerged as a scalable solution for consolidating multiple task-specific models into a unified sparse architecture, where each expert is derived from a model fine-tuned on a distinct task. While effective for multi-task integration, this paradigm introduces a critical yet underexplored challenge: how to attribute and protect the intellectual property (IP) of individual experts after merging. We propose RouteMark, a framework for IP protection in merged MoE models through the design of expert routing fingerprints. Our key insight is that task-specific experts exhibit stable and d

DEBUG:Engine:Summarized agents' results:
Agents' Results Summary:
- {'agent1': 'Result from the model:\nResult from the function:{"success": true, "papers": [{"pk": "38e969af-53cb-4e0b-b2e4-75ed88b8b85d", "authors": ["Philippe Gaucher"], "title": "T-homotopy and refinement of observation (V) : Strom model structure for branching and merging homologies", "abstract": "We check that there exists a model structure on the category of flows whose weak equivalences are the S-homotopy equivalences. As an application, we prove that the generalized T-homotopy equivalences preserve the branching and merging homology theories of a flow. The method of proof is completely different from the one of the third part of this series of papers.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0401033v3", "timestamp": 1073333481, "domain": "math.AT", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "5c6ad211-a291-4617-bd1d-fd0c12f66666", "authors": ["Faqian Guan", "Tianqing Zhu", "Wenhan Chang", "Wei Ren", "Wanlei Zhou"], "title": "Large Language Models Merging for Enhancing the Link Stealing Attack on G
- {'agent2': 'Result from the model:\nResult from the function:{"success": true, "papers": [{"pk": "f1e59690-72c3-488d-8295-3ec6bf5350b7", "authors": ["H. B. Lee", "G. C. Kim", "H. J. Park", "Y. C. Kim"], "title": "Delta H = Delta B region in volume defect-dominating superconductor", "abstract": "According to Ginzburg-Landau theory, it has been generally accepted that the diamagnetic property decreases after the lower critical field. However, we found that (Fe, Ti) particle doped MgB2 specimens reveal the Delta H = Delta B section in the magnetization curves, which are not following the theory. We present whether this phenomenon appears to be only confined to (Fe, Ti) particle doped Magnesium diborid superconductor, whether there is a theoretical basis and why it does not appear in other superconductors. We have understood that the cause of the Delta H = Delta B section is the pinning phenomenon of defects in the superconductor and it only occurs in volume defect dominating superconduc
- {'agent3': 'Result from the model:\n'}
- {'agent4': 'Result from the model:\nResult from the function:{"success": true, "papers": [{"pk": "84b88bb4-b461-4288-a13f-19b34e3eb92c", "authors": ["Xin He", "Junxi Shen", "Zhenheng Tang", "Xiaowen Chu", "Bo Li", "Ivor W. Tsang", "Yew-Soon Ong"], "title": "RouteMark: A Fingerprint for Intellectual Property Attribution in Routing-based Model Merging", "abstract": "Model merging via Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) has emerged as a scalable solution for consolidating multiple task-specific models into a unified sparse architecture, where each expert is derived from a model fine-tuned on a distinct task. While effective for multi-task integration, this paradigm introduces a critical yet underexplored challenge: how to attribute and protect the intellectual property (IP) of individual experts after merging. We propose RouteMark, a framework for IP protection in merged MoE models through the design of expert routing fingerprints. Our key insight is that task-specific experts exhibit stable and d
- {'agent5': 'Result from the model:\nResult from the function:{"success": true, "papers": [{"pk": "c9256571-bb76-478b-bd2a-cc0a965c55f5", "authors": ["Xin He", "Junxi Shen", "Zhenheng Tang", "Xiaowen Chu", "Bo Li", "Ivor W. Tsang", "Yew-Soon Ong"], "title": "RouteMark: A Fingerprint for Intellectual Property Attribution in Routing-based Model Merging", "abstract": "Model merging via Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) has emerged as a scalable solution for consolidating multiple task-specific models into a unified sparse architecture, where each expert is derived from a model fine-tuned on a distinct task. While effective for multi-task integration, this paradigm introduces a critical yet underexplored challenge: how to attribute and protect the intellectual property (IP) of individual experts after merging. We propose RouteMark, a framework for IP protection in merged MoE models through the design of expert routing fingerprints. Our key insight is that task-specific experts exhibit stable and d

[2026-07-03 11:38:38,594] [INFO] [Engine]: Initial Summary:
Agents' Results Summary:
- {'agent1': 'Result from the model:\nResult from the function:{"success": true, "papers": [{"pk": "38e969af-53cb-4e0b-b2e4-75ed88b8b85d", "authors": ["Philippe Gaucher"], "title": "T-homotopy and refinement of observation (V) : Strom model structure for branching and merging homologies", "abstract": "We check that there exists a model structure on the category of flows whose weak equivalences are the S-homotopy equivalences. As an application, we prove that the generalized T-homotopy equivalences preserve the branching and merging homology theories of a flow. The method of proof is completely different from the one of the third part of this series of papers.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0401033v3", "timestamp": 1073333481, "domain": "math.AT", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "5c6ad211-a291-4617-bd1d-fd0c12f66666", "authors": ["Faqian Guan", "Tianqing Zhu", "Wenhan Chang", "Wei Ren", "Wanlei Zhou"], "title": "Large Language Models Merging for Enhancing the Link Stealing Attack on G
- {'agent2': 'Result from the model:\nResult from the function:{"success": true, "papers": [{"pk": "f1e59690-72c3-488d-8295-3ec6bf5350b7", "authors": ["H. B. Lee", "G. C. Kim", "H. J. Park", "Y. C. Kim"], "title": "Delta H = Delta B region in volume defect-dominating superconductor", "abstract": "According to Ginzburg-Landau theory, it has been generally accepted that the diamagnetic property decreases after the lower critical field. However, we found that (Fe, Ti) particle doped MgB2 specimens reveal the Delta H = Delta B section in the magnetization curves, which are not following the theory. We present whether this phenomenon appears to be only confined to (Fe, Ti) particle doped Magnesium diborid superconductor, whether there is a theoretical basis and why it does not appear in other superconductors. We have understood that the cause of the Delta H = Delta B section is the pinning phenomenon of defects in the superconductor and it only occurs in volume defect dominating superconduc
- {'agent3': 'Result from the model:\n'}
- {'agent4': 'Result from the model:\nResult from the function:{"success": true, "papers": [{"pk": "84b88bb4-b461-4288-a13f-19b34e3eb92c", "authors": ["Xin He", "Junxi Shen", "Zhenheng Tang", "Xiaowen Chu", "Bo Li", "Ivor W. Tsang", "Yew-Soon Ong"], "title": "RouteMark: A Fingerprint for Intellectual Property Attribution in Routing-based Model Merging", "abstract": "Model merging via Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) has emerged as a scalable solution for consolidating multiple task-specific models into a unified sparse architecture, where each expert is derived from a model fine-tuned on a distinct task. While effective for multi-task integration, this paradigm introduces a critical yet underexplored challenge: how to attribute and protect the intellectual property (IP) of individual experts after merging. We propose RouteMark, a framework for IP protection in merged MoE models through the design of expert routing fingerprints. Our key insight is that task-specific experts exhibit stable and d
- {'agent5': 'Result from the model:\nResult from the function:{"success": true, "papers": [{"pk": "c9256571-bb76-478b-bd2a-cc0a965c55f5", "authors": ["Xin He", "Junxi Shen", "Zhenheng Tang", "Xiaowen Chu", "Bo Li", "Ivor W. Tsang", "Yew-Soon Ong"], "title": "RouteMark: A Fingerprint for Intellectual Property Attribution in Routing-based Model Merging", "abstract": "Model merging via Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) has emerged as a scalable solution for consolidating multiple task-specific models into a unified sparse architecture, where each expert is derived from a model fine-tuned on a distinct task. While effective for multi-task integration, this paradigm introduces a critical yet underexplored challenge: how to attribute and protect the intellectual property (IP) of individual experts after merging. We propose RouteMark, a framework for IP protection in merged MoE models through the design of expert routing fingerprints. Our key insight is that task-specific experts exhibit stable and d

INFO:Engine:Initial Summary:
Agents' Results Summary:
- {'agent1': 'Result from the model:\nResult from the function:{"success": true, "papers": [{"pk": "38e969af-53cb-4e0b-b2e4-75ed88b8b85d", "authors": ["Philippe Gaucher"], "title": "T-homotopy and refinement of observation (V) : Strom model structure for branching and merging homologies", "abstract": "We check that there exists a model structure on the category of flows whose weak equivalences are the S-homotopy equivalences. As an application, we prove that the generalized T-homotopy equivalences preserve the branching and merging homology theories of a flow. The method of proof is completely different from the one of the third part of this series of papers.", "url": "http://arxiv.org/abs/math/0401033v3", "timestamp": 1073333481, "domain": "math.AT", "citation_count": 0}, {"pk": "5c6ad211-a291-4617-bd1d-fd0c12f66666", "authors": ["Faqian Guan", "Tianqing Zhu", "Wenhan Chang", "Wei Ren", "Wanlei Zhou"], "title": "Large Language Models Merging for Enhancing the Link Stealing Attack on G
- {'agent2': 'Result from the model:\nResult from the function:{"success": true, "papers": [{"pk": "f1e59690-72c3-488d-8295-3ec6bf5350b7", "authors": ["H. B. Lee", "G. C. Kim", "H. J. Park", "Y. C. Kim"], "title": "Delta H = Delta B region in volume defect-dominating superconductor", "abstract": "According to Ginzburg-Landau theory, it has been generally accepted that the diamagnetic property decreases after the lower critical field. However, we found that (Fe, Ti) particle doped MgB2 specimens reveal the Delta H = Delta B section in the magnetization curves, which are not following the theory. We present whether this phenomenon appears to be only confined to (Fe, Ti) particle doped Magnesium diborid superconductor, whether there is a theoretical basis and why it does not appear in other superconductors. We have understood that the cause of the Delta H = Delta B section is the pinning phenomenon of defects in the superconductor and it only occurs in volume defect dominating superconduc
- {'agent3': 'Result from the model:\n'}
- {'agent4': 'Result from the model:\nResult from the function:{"success": true, "papers": [{"pk": "84b88bb4-b461-4288-a13f-19b34e3eb92c", "authors": ["Xin He", "Junxi Shen", "Zhenheng Tang", "Xiaowen Chu", "Bo Li", "Ivor W. Tsang", "Yew-Soon Ong"], "title": "RouteMark: A Fingerprint for Intellectual Property Attribution in Routing-based Model Merging", "abstract": "Model merging via Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) has emerged as a scalable solution for consolidating multiple task-specific models into a unified sparse architecture, where each expert is derived from a model fine-tuned on a distinct task. While effective for multi-task integration, this paradigm introduces a critical yet underexplored challenge: how to attribute and protect the intellectual property (IP) of individual experts after merging. We propose RouteMark, a framework for IP protection in merged MoE models through the design of expert routing fingerprints. Our key insight is that task-specific experts exhibit stable and d
- {'agent5': 'Result from the model:\nResult from the function:{"success": true, "papers": [{"pk": "c9256571-bb76-478b-bd2a-cc0a965c55f5", "authors": ["Xin He", "Junxi Shen", "Zhenheng Tang", "Xiaowen Chu", "Bo Li", "Ivor W. Tsang", "Yew-Soon Ong"], "title": "RouteMark: A Fingerprint for Intellectual Property Attribution in Routing-based Model Merging", "abstract": "Model merging via Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) has emerged as a scalable solution for consolidating multiple task-specific models into a unified sparse architecture, where each expert is derived from a model fine-tuned on a distinct task. While effective for multi-task integration, this paradigm introduces a critical yet underexplored challenge: how to attribute and protect the intellectual property (IP) of individual experts after merging. We propose RouteMark, a framework for IP protection in merged MoE models through the design of expert routing fingerprints. Our key insight is that task-specific experts exhibit stable and d

11:38:38 - LiteLLM:INFO: utils.py:4011 - 
LiteLLM completion() model= deepseek-v4-flash; provider = openai
INFO:LiteLLM:
LiteLLM completion() model= deepseek-v4-flash; provider = openai
11:39:04 - LiteLLM:INFO: utils.py:1653 - Wrapper: Completed Call, calling success_handler
INFO:LiteLLM:Wrapper: Completed Call, calling success_handler
11:39:04 - LiteLLM:INFO: utils.py:4011 - 
LiteLLM completion() model= deepseek-v4-flash; provider = openai
INFO:LiteLLM:
LiteLLM completion() model= deepseek-v4-flash; provider = openai
11:39:07 - LiteLLM:INFO: utils.py:1653 - Wrapper: Completed Call, calling success_handler
INFO:LiteLLM:Wrapper: Completed Call, calling success_handler
[2026-07-03 11:39:07,693] [ERROR] [Engine]: An error occurred during graph-based coordination.
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/Users/saptarshi/workfiles/MARBLE/MARBLE/marble/engine/engine_planner.py", line 63, in json_parse
    data = json.loads(json_str)
  File "/Library/Developer/CommandLineTools/Library/Frameworks/Python3.framework/Versions/3.9/lib/python3.9/json/__init__.py", line 346, in loads
    return _default_decoder.decode(s)
  File "/Library/Developer/CommandLineTools/Library/Frameworks/Python3.framework/Versions/3.9/lib/python3.9/json/decoder.py", line 337, in decode
    obj, end = self.raw_decode(s, idx=_w(s, 0).end())
  File "/Library/Developer/CommandLineTools/Library/Frameworks/Python3.framework/Versions/3.9/lib/python3.9/json/decoder.py", line 355, in raw_decode
    raise JSONDecodeError("Expecting value", s, err.value) from None
json.decoder.JSONDecodeError: Expecting value: line 1 column 1 (char 0)

The above exception was the direct cause of the following exception:

Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/Users/saptarshi/workfiles/MARBLE/MARBLE/marble/engine/engine.py", line 281, in graph_coordinate
    continue_simulation = self.planner.decide_next_step(agents_results)
  File "/Users/saptarshi/workfiles/MARBLE/MARBLE/marble/engine/engine_planner.py", line 492, in decide_next_step
    decision = json_parse(response[0].content)
  File "/Users/saptarshi/workfiles/MARBLE/MARBLE/marble/engine/engine_planner.py", line 65, in json_parse
    raise ValueError("JSON parsing failed. Please check the input format.") from e
ValueError: JSON parsing failed. Please check the input format.
ERROR:Engine:An error occurred during graph-based coordination.
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/Users/saptarshi/workfiles/MARBLE/MARBLE/marble/engine/engine_planner.py", line 63, in json_parse
    data = json.loads(json_str)
  File "/Library/Developer/CommandLineTools/Library/Frameworks/Python3.framework/Versions/3.9/lib/python3.9/json/__init__.py", line 346, in loads
    return _default_decoder.decode(s)
  File "/Library/Developer/CommandLineTools/Library/Frameworks/Python3.framework/Versions/3.9/lib/python3.9/json/decoder.py", line 337, in decode
    obj, end = self.raw_decode(s, idx=_w(s, 0).end())
  File "/Library/Developer/CommandLineTools/Library/Frameworks/Python3.framework/Versions/3.9/lib/python3.9/json/decoder.py", line 355, in raw_decode
    raise JSONDecodeError("Expecting value", s, err.value) from None
json.decoder.JSONDecodeError: Expecting value: line 1 column 1 (char 0)

The above exception was the direct cause of the following exception:

Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/Users/saptarshi/workfiles/MARBLE/MARBLE/marble/engine/engine.py", line 281, in graph_coordinate
    continue_simulation = self.planner.decide_next_step(agents_results)
  File "/Users/saptarshi/workfiles/MARBLE/MARBLE/marble/engine/engine_planner.py", line 492, in decide_next_step
    decision = json_parse(response[0].content)
  File "/Users/saptarshi/workfiles/MARBLE/MARBLE/marble/engine/engine_planner.py", line 65, in json_parse
    raise ValueError("JSON parsing failed. Please check the input format.") from e
ValueError: JSON parsing failed. Please check the input format.
[2026-07-03 11:39:07,731] [INFO] [Evaluator]: Task Completion Success Rate: 0.00%
INFO:Evaluator:Task Completion Success Rate: 0.00%
[2026-07-03 11:39:07,731] [INFO] [Evaluator]: Total Token Consumption: 0
INFO:Evaluator:Total Token Consumption: 0
[2026-07-03 11:39:07,731] [INFO] [Evaluator]: Average Tokens per Iteration: 0
INFO:Evaluator:Average Tokens per Iteration: 0
[2026-07-03 11:39:07,731] [INFO] [Engine]: Graph-based coordination simulation completed.
INFO:Engine:Graph-based coordination simulation completed.
[2026-07-03 11:39:07,731] [ERROR] [Engine]: Failed to write summary data to result/discussion_output.jsonl: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'result/discussion_output.jsonl'
ERROR:Engine:Failed to write summary data to result/discussion_output.jsonl: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'result/discussion_output.jsonl'
ERROR:root:An error occurred while running the engine with configuration: marble/configs/test_config_research/profile_1.yaml
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/Users/saptarshi/workfiles/MARBLE/MARBLE/marble/engine/engine_planner.py", line 63, in json_parse
    data = json.loads(json_str)
  File "/Library/Developer/CommandLineTools/Library/Frameworks/Python3.framework/Versions/3.9/lib/python3.9/json/__init__.py", line 346, in loads
    return _default_decoder.decode(s)
  File "/Library/Developer/CommandLineTools/Library/Frameworks/Python3.framework/Versions/3.9/lib/python3.9/json/decoder.py", line 337, in decode
    obj, end = self.raw_decode(s, idx=_w(s, 0).end())
  File "/Library/Developer/CommandLineTools/Library/Frameworks/Python3.framework/Versions/3.9/lib/python3.9/json/decoder.py", line 355, in raw_decode
    raise JSONDecodeError("Expecting value", s, err.value) from None
json.decoder.JSONDecodeError: Expecting value: line 1 column 1 (char 0)

The above exception was the direct cause of the following exception:

Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/Users/saptarshi/workfiles/MARBLE/MARBLE/marble/main.py", line 58, in main
    engine.start()
  File "/Users/saptarshi/workfiles/MARBLE/MARBLE/marble/engine/engine.py", line 1046, in start
    self.graph_coordinate()
  File "/Users/saptarshi/workfiles/MARBLE/MARBLE/marble/engine/engine.py", line 281, in graph_coordinate
    continue_simulation = self.planner.decide_next_step(agents_results)
  File "/Users/saptarshi/workfiles/MARBLE/MARBLE/marble/engine/engine_planner.py", line 492, in decide_next_step
    decision = json_parse(response[0].content)
  File "/Users/saptarshi/workfiles/MARBLE/MARBLE/marble/engine/engine_planner.py", line 65, in json_parse
    raise ValueError("JSON parsing failed. Please check the input format.") from e
ValueError: JSON parsing failed. Please check the input format.
(venv) saptarshi@dhcp-9-127-39-241 MARBLE % 